Have you ever wanted to know how to make Olive
Garden salad dressing? I can
show you how to make Olive Garden salad dressing
at home and in your own
kitchen. My name is Stephanie Manley and I've
been making copycat recipes
on the internet for over 15 years.
I'm going to show you how to make a copycat
recipe for the Olive Garden
salad dressing and when you're done with this
recipe, it's going to taste
just like it does at the Olive Garden. You
can purchase the Olive Garden
salad dressing at the restaurant. It's about
$7.00 to $8.00 a bottle. But
you know what? You can make it at home for
a whole lot less, so let me show
you how.
One-third cup of vinegar, this is ½ cup of
mayonnaise. Use one teaspoon of
vegetable oil, two tablespoons of corn syrup;
two teaspoons of Romano
cheese, along with two teaspoons of Parmesan
cheese. Here's a ¼ teaspoon of
garlic salt. Here's a ½ teaspoon of Italian
seasoning. This is a spiced
blend you buy in your grocery store. A ½
teaspoon of parsley flakes. You
could use fresh if you like. One-tablespoon
of lemon juice and you can also
use fresh-squeezed.
We're going to start with a ½ of mayonnaise,
added to the one-third cup of
vinegar that's in my bowl. You can do this
all in your blender, as well.
And now we're going to add two tablespoons
of corn syrup, just blending in
our corn syrup. Now we're going to add in
our one tablespoon of lemon
juice. Again, if you have fresh-squeezed,
that would be great.
That would be the juice of about one lemon.
Next we're going to add our
vegetable oil. You can use just regular vegetable
oil, canola oil. We're
going to pour that right in and whisk it in.
Next we're going to add our
cheeses. We're going to add in our garlic
salt. We're going to add in our
Italian seasonings, and we're going to add
in our parsley, and now let's
taste that Olive Garden salad dressing.
Hi, I'm Stephanie Manley. Have you ever wondered
how your favorite
restaurant makes that special dish? Well,
I've put together over 1500
recipes that taste just like they do in the
restaurant. Visit copykat.com
and find recipes from the Olive Garden, Outback
Steakhouse, the Cracker
Barrel, and so much more.
Visit copykat.com and discover recipes such
as the Olive Garden Alfredo
sauce, Olive Garden salad dressing, and Hooters'
fried pickles. You've
tried it in the restaurant, now make it at
home.